-- General presentation
  . This video was presented at the fifteen Libre Software Meeting 2014 in Montpellier.
   . FreeDDIManager is the application of the FreeMedForms project that manages drugs and drug interactions databases.
  . This manager is totally independant of any other application of the project and it can be easily used to create database for any our applications.
  . The user interface is quite basic, with on the left a navigation bar and on the right the content of the selected mode.

-- Managing paths
  . When you start for the first time the manager, you need to define its working path.
  . You can note that the debugging version needs access to the code source path. The release version will include all required files.
  . You can define all path in the preferences.
    . Database output path
    . Datapack server output path
    . Temp path (not cleaned to avoid massive usage of network/CPU)

-- ATC
  . Now let's see how we can manage the WHO ATC classification.
  . The manager includes the full classification, regularly updated.
  . You can edit all labels and codes. You can also define the validity of each item.
  . You can add or remove items.
  . But usually, there are no need to edit this classification as it will be fully shared.

-- Interactors
  . I nteraction engines mainly work using ATC codes and interactors. 
  . Interactors can represent a simple ATC code or a drug component, but it can also be a groupment of these.
  . You can there manage your interactors. 
  . all actions are grouped in a toolbar at the upper part of the interface,
  . unique indetifer, source reference, date of creation and update are at the top of the editor.
  . You can set the validity of any interactor, check it as reviewed, mark it as a class interactor (which means that it represent a groupment of interactors). You can also define if you want interaction engine to alert duplication of this interactor.
  . You can then define labels and children or related ATC code.
  . You can add extra-information about the interactor and comments.

-- DDI
  . Now let's see how we can manage DDI. 
  . DDI are defined using two interactors (as previously defined). 
  . You can not define DDI directly using ATC codes or drug component name.
  . Actions are at the upper part as usual. Here you can search for interactions.
  . The list of DDI is presented here. 
  . For any DDI, a basic review is available in this text box.
  . You can set the level of risk, date of creation and update, add text for the alert itself and text to help practitioner to manage the interaction.
  . Futur development will take into account dose and routes related interactions.
  . The FreeMedForms community wants to include for each DDI as many links as possible to scientific publications currently exclusively using pubmed.org referenced papers.


-- Drug database creation w/o interaction data
  . At any time, you can create a free drug database including all marketed drugs for available countries.
  . Select any Free drug database, then click on download. 
  . When finished, select all jobs required to prepare the database and click on "Start Job" and the bottom of the interface. 
  . Information about the output file is detailled here.
  . If you want to edit the database or datapack information, just click on "See datapack description file" or "See datapack description file".
  . Once the database is created, you can then edit all unique drug components extracted from this database.


-- Adding non-free data (interaction, Summary of Product Characteristics)
  . If you want to create full database with interaction data, you need to edit the component list of your drug database.
  . We currently call these database "non-free" as the interaction data used in the project are not yet 100% free. 

    -- Link components to interactors
      . So, after the first step of the drug database creation, you will have all drug components without any ATC link.
      . The manager will suggest some links.
      . You will have to link and review all components to ATC codes or interactors.
      . This part of the job is the biggest one and define the confidence index of the drug database for interaction checking. 
      . At the upper part of the interface, you will find the drug component database selector.
      . You can see here the french database completion.
      . Some tools are available to help you : a dokuwiki page creator for unreviewed component, an search dialog for ATC codes, quick links to google search, and some other websites.
      . If you want more information about this workflow please refer to our online documentation or ask our mailing list.

    -- Drugs db with interaction data
      . When all the work is done with interactors, interactions and component linking, you can then compute your database.
      . The release version will be available with the full ATC classification only. 
      . The FreeMedForms community will include some user inside the Interaction Committee. 
      . Only member of this committee will have full access to our data. 


-- Share
  . You can share your work with your team.
  . An assitant will be included to help you, the code is beeing written as I speak.
  . You can use your database, stored in your preferred path to share your interaction data.
  . Just open your database path, find and share the ddimanager.db file.

-- FreeMedForms Datapacks
  . To share computed drug database with or w/o interaction data, you can use our DataPack processing.
  . DataPacks represent set of data that can be included in any FreeMedForms application.
  . DataPacks are stored in a DataPack server (which can be a local path or remote server).

    -- Generating
      . There is a datapack server creation assistant.
      . Select the path where your datapacks are beeing created (just live as is).
      . Click on "Screen path" and then you should have all found Pack that can be included on your server.
      . Select your Pack, define the output path of the server and click on "Create server".
      . If you want to use this functionality, you must read our full documentation.

    -- Sharing
      . The next part is to configure your newly created server inside FreeMedForms application. 

-- Example of the FreeMedForms EMR using DDI / allergies / intolerances...


